Update Ubuntu 2204 feed info (#35481)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/install/includes/linux-ubuntu-feed-sdk-note.md

---
author: adegeo
ms.author: adegeo
ms.date: 05/24/2023
ms.topic: include
---

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > .NET SDKs offered by Canonical remain on the .1xx minor version band. If you want to use a newer minor release, use the [Microsoft feed to install the SDK](../linux-ubuntu.md#register-the-microsoft-package-repository). Make sure you review the information in the [.NET package mix ups on Linux](../linux-package-mixup.md?pivots=os-linux-ubuntu#whats-going-on) article to understand the implications of switching between repository feeds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> .NET SDK versions offered by Canonical are always in the .1xx [feature band](https://learn.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/releases-and-support#feature-bands-sdk-only). If you want to use a newer feature band release, use the [Microsoft feed to install the SDK](../linux-ubuntu.md#register-the-microsoft-package-repository). Make sure you review the information in the [.NET package mix ups on Linux](../linux-package-mixup.md?pivots=os-linux-ubuntu#whats-going-on) article to understand the implications of switching between repository feeds.

```
